It is difficult to keep track of taxes and keeping balance
on
that's one thing
very firmly in 6
were presented movement so to speak from the awakening and hip area
Baloise new year high
we see there are two to three inches apart here
that says you will not be on one for at least the next three years
imagine
13 Michelle Bucken will
foreignness still
the host
what does it cost to sip?
Brussels - in the 56th
green base
that is very expensive
Welzow one year
there were
I am not at all
Company 2
for optimal sledges a building block on the way to success
dapd after the final siren both teams have the already high respect
further enhanced
no matter from which camp they came the spectators just thrilled
even neutral viewers in the sold-out arena
Germany in white as in the 2 2 0 victory in group match with real
Flash start against the USA then two goals in the first five minutes this time
with the 1 0 after just
71 seconds
after protection unworthiness exploited Sebastian Kessler knows the 25-year-old
The Americans from the Effeff leaves several times in the winter months
decided against the Chicago Blackhawks and Yemen in the US
the concept of coach Michel, based on Auxerre Siebels before the Czech Republic
Budzinski
seemed to work
However, the Americans also understood to hold against
After paralympics gold in 2002, they did not go home without a medal
drive
After all, it was still about words of the Kamener Sven Sturm
I had my hands full in this scene
early against here
completely out of itself
US equal opportunity presented by their own teammate on the German
Tor steered the Americans now left hand pushing enormously
Josef Norz prevails
formed without a clear and then the ProB lands
a very lucky hit for the Americans
because under the torso of goalkeeper and under the lugging of Kunduz
Eclat through the mens protesting the disc across the line
the German team but unimpressed
we have rattled off with flops of the thought quickly continue to Sebastian
Kessler and Dr back
on the first 16-year-old first after
Frank nh
rapid combination game that made hope for the middle third
but once the Americans turned on in the second third
or adult
the top striker Ernst
with last use prevented but that we had on the backlog
there is
an open slugfest this game
Sven Stumpe from the band sees the 30-year-old in the middle and made
just all alone
two numbers she renewed leadership Germany surrounded by complete
us team sets the striker the advertiser Jens Kahl I said irresistible
by faith on board percent
the name list forms
Greul Traber should not come to rest yet
Lucky for swords
semi-final-out against Canada outstanding goalkeeper in the street to go
the balance was in the air
Germany in outnumber can not free itself again crew is immense
Grüttners from Celle is further to Storr l
blocked
Lippstadt
2 0 2 earned at this time
no question
Sebastian Kessler and Ludo they still fought in the shot
but then any help came too late on this third so ends in a draw
the anticipation of the showdown
Butz
this over had use of Josef Hauer against Robert Park
two minutes penalty lurking
the chances for Germany
July in front of the restaurant
but then
the liberation of Perin Hunt very much behind
Here he explains and Nahles had been there
similar behavior 13 2 the US first time in the lead of the preliminary round f
German stock market overpayment game and this time
Backfired that is certainly always very very bitter
they hold that
but she did not suspect me anything that Lorre
The medical journalist QS last managed for the first time since its inception
what we take
what a
Shot hissed
Maybe so Dreyer year just did not want to add a little team in
This madness is a rousing match
1 because the guys from the US from my experience in the "leak"
yes and that does not matter so completely unusual Gallo
and actually it was nice
who performs well in the US
again overpayment for Germany this time it hit from the perspective of the testers
there the flash player
he has increased boosting tingling screenshots has risen
three minutes and seven seconds before the end of regular time
JOI
RTS
Shiatsu 3 lead again
had just been able to ward off but then the puck out of sight
lost
but these days
nothing was decided in the game Germany was at full risk
then already more than 2 million
Newton before the end the goalkeeper of the ice all or nothing irrepressible fighting spirit
for self-abandonment
a little luck
give them to your party
Instead, the Americans cheered in the end, knowing how close they were
had come from it
Liberman raises
Whoever has the Elbe for the Russians is the third as a few years ago
which in turn did not want oil
Nevertheless, the 16-year-old can drive heartbrokenly
only which is the right one
and the other experienced just found the right words
that alone the performance and not so much the result counts
They are so excited that it does not hurt that much anymore
After I say why this was around 2 we are now here in the world around that
Heart Burda before so that no one restrained the water
it's super seen a few percent whole
the Americans have complimented and said great
played and was since then undertook aldi recognize achievement on the other hand
get to be in these countries